introduction/what.md, before:

## 什么是 Docker

Docker 最初是 dotCloud 公司创始人 Solomon Hykes 在法国期间发起的一个公司内部项目，它是基于 dotCloud 公司多年云服务技术的一次革新，并于 [2013 年 3 月以 Apache 2.0 授权协议开源][docker-soft]，主要项目代码在 [GitHub](https://github.com/moby/moby) 上进行维护。Docker 项目后来还加入了 Linux 基金会，并成立推动 [开放容器联盟（OCI）](https://www.opencontainers.org/)。

Docker 自开源后受到广泛的关注和讨论，至今其 [GitHub 项目](https://github.com/moby/moby) 已经超过 5 万 2 千个星标和一万多个 fork。甚至由于 Docker 项目的火爆，在 2013 年底，[dotCloud 公司决定改名为 Docker](https://blog.docker.com/2013/10/dotcloud-is-becoming-docker-inc/)。Docker 最初是在 Ubuntu 12.04 上开发实现的；Red Hat 则从 RHEL 6.5 开始对 Docker 进行支持；Google 也在其 PaaS 产品中广泛应用 Docker。

Docker 使用 Google 公司推出的 [Go 语言](https://golang.org/) 进行开发实现，基于 Linux 内核的 [cgroup](https://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cgroups)，[namespace](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_namespaces)，以及  [AUFS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aufs) 类的 [Union FS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Union_mount) 等技术，对进程进行封装隔离，属于 [操作系统层面的虚拟化技术](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operating-system-level_virtualization)。由于隔离的进程独立于宿主和其它的隔离的进程，因此也称其为容器。最初实现是基于 [LXC](https://linuxcontainers.org/lxc/introduction/)，从 0.7 版本以后开始去除 LXC，转而使用自行开发的 [libcontainer](https://github.com/docker/libcontainer)，从 1.11 开始，则进一步演进为使用 [runC](https://github.com/opencontainers/runc) 和 [containerd](https://github.com/containerd/containerd)。

Docker 在容器的基础上，进行了进一步的封装，从文件系统、网络互联到进程隔离等等，极大的简化了容器的创建和维护。使得 Docker 技术比虚拟机技术更为轻便、快捷。

下面的图片比较了 Docker 和传统虚拟化方式的不同之处。传统虚拟机技术是虚拟出一套硬件后，在其上运行一个完整操作系统，在该系统上再运行所需应用进程；而容器内的应用进程直接运行于宿主的内核，容器内没有自己的内核，而且也没有进行硬件虚拟。因此容器要比传统虚拟机更为轻便。

![传统虚拟化](_images/virtualization.png)

![Docker](_images/docker.png)



[docker-soft]:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Docker_(software)

Commit message:

trans introduction's README.md and what.md

introduction/what.md, after:

## What is Docker

Docker is an in-company project launched by Solomon Hykes who is the founder of dotCloud when he was in France, it's a revolution based on dotCloud's years of cloud service experience, and [opened source with Apache 2.0 in 2013.03][docker-soft] maintained in [GitHub](https://github.com/moby/moby). Then, Docker joined the Linux Foundation and promoted [Open Containers Initlative (OCI)](https://www.opencontainers.org/).

Docker has aroused widespread concern and discussion and had 5.2w stars and 1w forks in it's [GitHub](https://github.com/moby/moby) since it opening source.At the end of 2013, [dotCloud even decided to rename to Docker](https://blog.docker.com/2013/10/dotcloud-is-becoming-docker-inc/) due to the popularity of the project. Docker was developed in Ubuntu 12.04 at the beginning. Red Hat has supported Dokcer since RHEL 6.5. Google also widely applies Docker in its PaaS products.

Docker develops with [GO](https://golang.org/) launched by Google, based on [cgroup](https://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cgroups) and [namespace](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_namespaces) of Linux Kernel and [Union FS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Union_mount) like [AUFS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aufs) to package and isolate the processes which is belong to [Operating system level virtualization technology](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operating-system-level_virtualization). It is also called container because of the isolated process is independent of the host and other isolated processes. The initial implementation is based on [LXC](https://linuxcontainers.org/lxc/introduction/). It removed LXC and use [libcontainer](https://github.com/docker/libcontainer) instead which is developed by themself since 0.7. Starting with 1.11, it uses [runC](https://github.com/opencontainers/runc) and [containerd](https://github.com/containerd/containerd) further.

Docker is further packaged on a container basis, from file system, network interconnection to process isolation, etc, greatly simplifying container craetion and maintenance.

The images below compare the differences between Docker and Traditional Virtualization. The traditional Virtual machine technology is to virtualize a set of hadware to run a complete operation system and run the required application process on this system. The application process in the container runs directly on the host kernel, and the container does not have its own Kernel and hadware virtualiztion. Therefore, container are lighter than traditional virtual machines.

![Traditional Virtualization](_images/virtualization.png)

![Docker](_images/docker.png)



[docker-soft]:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Docker_(software)
